Update Python version to 3.12 and change backend to PyTorch (#46)
imcs-compsim/pinns_for_comp_mech: README.md

> for instructions on how to do that.

`deepxde` needs one of the following packages for the backend-calculation.  
- PyTorch (preferred backend)

> - TensorFlow (this backend will be removed in the future)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TensorFlow (not supported by all examples, remaining support might be dropped in the future)
```
